we're out here on a gravel bar this
afternoon I wanted to tell you what I
meant
I say gravel bar this is along a creek
northeast Iowa and that's just example
of what I'm looking for when I look at a
gravel bar when I get into the bigger
stuff this thing's just covered was out
was up for maybe 50 yards there and then
you go past the brush and just winds on
up that way so we're going to go ahead
and give it a try we're going to have to
first figure out where the gold might
have settled out when all this flooding
occurred to bring this down here so
we'll take a look at that and see what
we find today this is going to be our
first pan today got it right out up
there by my shovel and to be honest with
you looks like good stuff but I haven't
worked this Creek in years and years so
we're going to find out together we got
any gold today you hang on here give her
a quick pan I'll show you what we got in
there and find out that's the move twice
as being gold found in this print but it
can be spotted let's see if we're in a
good spot today we have to maybe be some
oiler
I watched last time on my other video
and I thought man what a careless handed
sorry I try to be a little bit more
careful
why not throwing gold back to making a
few video yourself how lame
poor how good maybe in hard luck but in
my case or if it real happy with it
there we got one tiny step I want to
show you here
we're upstream a little weight and so
you can see this Bank is it's just an
old stream bed the stream is deposited
that over there the past it's all big
gravels make some dirt goes on down the
way and so when it cuts into that and
you can find that if you drive up some
of the streams along the road you'll
find places where you see that and that
doesn't get here we go over the course
but it does mean that there's been
gravel there for many many years
to pile that up like that and then cut
back over here and cut through it again
well we walked up here and we found a
little color there's also some rock
thrown up along the bank here there it's
got some gravel and dance behind it
tucked into there and we still have you
look back over that way hole rock bar is
still out there
loaded with all the flood stuff so
you've got a lot of materials with check
I don't think we're going to do quite as
good as we did in the Volga River but
it's a heck of a fun place to work
to Rock hunters paradise I found huge
chunks of quartz this is the same stream
where I picked nice poor furries of
different kind one was a large brick red
one with bright orange crystal structure
floating around in it
Great Lakes agates about anything a
person could want and gold so we'll see
what the day brings and what tomorrow
has Lord willing we'll get up here and
give her another shot tomorrow thanks
for watching